Clarify and simplify Flow Get Started section, with a view to enhancing the onboarding experience for new users. (#950)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/application/ui.asciidoc

> The [classname]#AppLayout# component gives a basic layout for the main view of an application.

Reviewer: Prefer using the component name rather than the Java class name, unless talking very explicitly about the Java API and how it works.

```suggestion
The App Layout component gives a basic layout for the main view of an application.
```

It has a menu area, as well as a content area controlled by the menu.
It provides full navigation functionality between content views using routing.

> By default, starter applications created with https://start.vaadin.com[Vaadin Start] use [classname]#AppLayout# to handle the main view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, starter applications created with https://start.vaadin.com[Vaadin Start] use App Layout to handle the main view.
```
